You can't do that in here.
Okay. Who the fuck are you two?
Us?
We're...
♪ It's the good life ♪
♪ Full of fun ♪
♪ Seems to be the ideal ♪
Morning. baby.
-Let me look at that.
-Hmm?
♪ Yes. the good
life lets you hide ♪
♪ All the sadness you feel ♪
♪ You won't really ♪
♪ Fall in love ♪
♪ 'Cause you can't
take the chance ♪
♪ So be honest with yourself ♪
♪ Don't try to fake romance ♪
♪ Yes. the good life ♪
-See you. sweetheart.
-Bye. Mom.
♪ To be free and
explore the unknown ♪
♪ Like the heartaches ♪
♪ When you learn you must ♪
♪ Face them alone ♪
♪ Please remember ♪
♪ I still want you ♪
♪ And in case ♪
♪ You wonder why ♪
♪ Well. just wake up ♪
♪ Kiss that good life ♪
♪ Goodbye. ♪
Sammy? Fruit. please.
-Okey do key.
-Brady. eat the protein.
I am good.
Clean your plate. please.
-Hey. that's Dad's.
-Is he even home?
Bye. Lasagna.
Hey. cut him some slack. okay?
Always.
Hold up.
-I love you.
-Okay. Love you.
-Hey. babe.
-My friends are here.
Okay. Uh. have a nice...
Hey. hon?
I. uh. slept in the basement
-so I wouldn't wake you.
-Uh-huh.
Okay. where's Brady? I want
to hear about the game.
Well. uh...
the other team was kind
of. you know. physical.
-Yeah?
-So he. um...
I'll let him tell
you. Very busy day.
I've got three showings
and one confirmed sale.
And. uh...
Oh. Brady stole your coffee.
You're gonna have
to make some more.
-Well. we had...
-Hutch. you're bleeding.
All right. we should. uh...
Oh. damn it.
Hey!
Hey. buddy.
-Hey. man.
-Bye. Mom.
-Yeah.
-Have a great day!
-All right.
-Hey. guys.
-Hi. Sammy.
-Hey. you...
-Love your shoes.
-Morning.
-Oh. love yours. too.
-Yours. too.
-Thank you.
Yeah. I got 'em from the mall.
Are you going anywhere
for summer break?
Yeah. I'm going bowling.
Hutch?
What's up. hon?
You know...
Uh. summer break's in
just a few days. and...
We should do something
as a family. Yeah.
I. uh... I'll make a plan.
Today I'll make a plan. and.
uh. I'll tell you tonight.
At dinner. I'll make lasagne.
-Sure. Hutch.
-No. I can do it. I...
I have... I have one
assignment today.
Uh. but then tonight you'll see.
uh. the whole thing planned out.
What's going on?
Never mind.
There you are.
Looks like your day went long.
It was a bit more... big.
Bit more than the
prep said it would be.
The data card.
It was a straightforward
snatch. Hutch.
It started as a
straightforward snatch.
You guys having fun
at the convention?
Asshole. we're not here
for the fucking convention.
Where's the card?
Oh. my.
Please! Someone help us.
An operator will
assist you shortly.
Right. Straightforward snatch.
Yeah. Until the Corsicans
showed up with Uzis.
Wait. No. they had MP7s.
Corsicans. huh?
With MP7s.
Well. we always
suspected there might be
another interested
party in the mix.
Only one?
-Brazilians?
-Yeah.
With machetes?
The sharp kind.
Oh. my.
Yeah.
Well. I'd say it was worth it.
Because this checks out.
Which brings you
800 grand closer.
And how much more do I owe?
30 million. give or take.
Your next mission.
I can't.
Hutch...
I'm trying to help
you pay off a debt.
One we very graciously
paid on your behalf
when you burnt all the
Russian's stack of money.
At the rate you're going.
you'll have paid off
the obshchak by spring.
Gonna take a va...
I'm gonna take a break.
Good luck.
What do I need luck for?
You... take a break?
This job is in your nature.
and nature always wins.
Wherever you go...
...there you are.
Wild times await.
This summer. drive
to Plummerville.
smack-dab in the
middle of America.
and join me. Wild
Bill. for summer fun.
With the majestic midway.
Hey!
And to top it off.
America's first and finest
water park!
You kids having summer fun?
Sure are. Mr. Wild Bill...
Slides for miles and miles!
Because Plummerville is...
...Summerville!
So come on back to Wild
Bill's again and again!
Again and again...
Yeah.
Um. that commercial
is really old.
Are you sure it's still a place?
Yeah. it's all there.
I-I checked. It's...
The hotel and the water park.
uh. the duck boats
and the midway.
What's a duck boat?
It's. um... it's like
a bus that floats.
Uh. it's a military vehicle.
Grandpa will love it.
-We're bringing Grandpa?
Yeah. of course.
You know what? Um. I
volunteer to stay home.
-Yeah. that's not gonna happen.
-Yeah. Brady. listen.
This is gonna be the most fu...
What happened to your eye?
Somebody fouled me at the game.
What game?
The one you missed.
You're right.
We do need to spend
more time together
-as a family.
-Yeah.
This is one of those places
you went when you were a kid.
Okay. that makes it sound like
I went to a lot of places. okay?
Dad took us on one vacation.
One. To Plummerville.
Listen.
In life. when times get tough.
you need to have happy
memories to carry you through.
and I just want to show you guys
the place that made me happiest.
You know. make some
memories for you.
Would you let me
do that. please?
Well. hello. Lasagna.
Okay.
All right. Hutch. Sure.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Come on. kids. it
could be an adventure.
An adventure.
-Yeah.
-That's it.
♪ I don't remember
what day it was... ♪
Grandpa.
-Hey. Dad.
-Mm-hmm.
You got to put out the cigar.
Secondhand smoke.
♪ All I know is... ♪
No such thing.
♪ And if all my
dreams come true ♪
♪ I'll be spending
time with you... ♪
Let's do this!
♪ In love with you ♪
♪ With each day
comes a new way... ♪
Hutch. start the car!
-Here?
-Yeah.
♪ Every time I kiss your lips ♪
♪ My mind starts to wander ♪
♪ And if all my
dreams come true ♪
♪ I'll be spending
time with you ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I love you more today ♪
♪ Than yesterday ♪
♪ But not as much ♪
♪ As tomorrow ♪
♪ I love you more
today than yesterday ♪
♪ But. darling. not as much ♪
♪ As tomorrow ♪
♪ Every day's a new day ♪
♪ Every time I love ya ♪
♪ Every day's a new day... ♪
Oldest water park?
Is that something we
want to advertise?
Yeah. well. it's historic.
Kids. you're in here.
Oh. we're sharing a room.
-And where's Grandpa sleeping?
-Uh. he's next door.
Oh. Hutch. I think the
kids are too old to share.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
We can all sleep
in the old lodge.
N... Uh. not gonna happen.
Just me. then.
Fine.
You can have my room.
-Thank you.
-Great.
Then. uh. Sammy. you got
this all to yourself.
The honeymoon suite.
Oh. yeah.
That's what I'm talking about.
Whoo! -
Look at that. huh?
Take it in.
Yeah.
This is where
business gets done.
Yeah.
You don't like it?
No. I'm-I'm taking it in.
I smell cigars.
But I'm happy that you're happy.
And that we're all together.
It's gonna be great.
Water park time.
-Uh. water park time.
-Yeah. Water park. Yeah.
♪ I flex my brazos hardcore.
down for the click a ♪
♪ Who's that emanating
funk through the speak a? ♪
♪ Bass gets to thumpin'.
rucas get to pumpin' ♪
♪ Who's that rockin'? Got
the party start jumpin' ♪
♪ Blastin' through. ha.
no need for the booyah ♪
♪ Right hammer with the one
knuckle eye-shot through ya ♪
♪ Step to the crowd.
I feel the strain ♪
♪ Throw chingasos
in the mosh pit... ♪
It's paradise.
It's like the tropics...
...mixed with Europe.
-Hello.
-Closed. Sorry.
-What?
-There was an incident.
Water park's closed for
the rest of the day.
-For how long?
-24 hours.
Here's a coupon for hot dogs.
Come again. Sorry.
Lame.
I'm out of here. kids.
Checking out the old lodge.
Hot dogs.
♪ We're all going on
a summer holiday... ♪
Number 52's up!
Harry. Dad's
bringing the food!
Yo. what's up. Hutch?
♪ No more worries
for me or you ♪
♪ For a week or two... ♪
Hey! It's the great Mansell's
family vacation. boys.
Wait till you see the lodge.
You'll see mosquitos
bigger than this hot dog.
Something wrong. pal?
You got a problem?
♪ Summer holiday... ♪
Uh. no. I'm sorry.
I was just thinking.
♪ So we're going on
a summer holiday ♪
♪ To make our dreams come true ♪
♪ For me and you... ♪
You know. it's not polite
to eyeball the law.
Uh. sorry. Officer.
It's "Sheriff."
Did I do something wrong?
I don't know.
Did you?
Um. Hutch?
Everything's good. hon.
Okay.
Mansell?
Uh. yeah. that's me.
-Hot dogs are ready.
-Thanks.
-You're welcome.
-Fantastic. All right.
-Enjoy.
-Thanks.
-Hey.
Worth the wait. and
look what we got.
Coupon for the arcade.
That's how they get ya.
-That's how they get ya.
-Can I see it?
All right.
All four food
groups in one place.
Thanks. Mom.
-Here you go. You bet.
-Thank you.
Oh. this is so hard.
♪ Hold up... ♪
I wanted to talk to you about
that shiner you got in the game.
I didn't get it in the game.
Sorry. what's that?
I said I didn't
get it in the game.
But you got fouled.
though. right?
Dad. can you just stop?
Can I just... Okay?
Can I just play the game?
It's not a big deal. all right?
-I won. so...
-Hutch!
That doesn't make it...
-Yeah?
-Um. play the winner.
Okay. I'll be right there.
Um. we-we will talk about
this more later. okay?
-For sure.
-Yep.
I know how to do this!
He's so cute.
Howdy. girls and boys.
It's sizzling here in
Plummerville's ultimate arcade.
the one-stop
entertainment center...
You guys want some tickets?
Um. sure.
-Here.
-Thanks.
-I have a bunch.
-Hey. Brady.
Why'd you give them all away?
I have plenty. dude. Come on.
In less than half an hour
is our happy hour.
♪ Who got the power? ♪
Look at us.
We're decompressing like pros.
Yeah. We're getting there.
-Is that a badger? -WORKER: Yup.
-Come on. Max. Max.
-That one.
-All right.
-Hey.
-Thanks.
Nerd.
You getting some Nerds
with your tickets. nerd?
What's up?
Tell me you're sorry.
For what?
For hitting on my girl.
You're giving her tickets. man.
What if I tell you to
fuck off? That count?
Know who I am?
Last chance.
Oh. what. are you gonna cry?
What. you don't... you
don't want another shiner
on your-your pretty
city boy face. do you?
Aw.
Hey.
Oh! Oh!
-Fucking touch my sister!
-Let him go!
What are you doing. you punk?
Coming into my house.
starting a fight?
Now settle the fuck down!
♪ Bike. bike. bike. bike.
bike. bike. bike... ♪
-Hey. -No. Dad. Dad. Dad.
-Get out.
-This piece of shit...
-Get out of here right now!
-What happened?
-Hey. is that your kid?
-Yeah.
-Well. he's starting shit.
He's not starting anything.
I have cameras all over
this place. If you don't get
-your family out of here right now...
-Calm down.
...you and I are
gonna have a problem.
-Yeah. we are gonna have...
-Hey!
We're leaving.
-Oh. okay.
-You hear me?
-Okay. Yeah. All right.
-All right. let's go.
-Listen to your wife. old man.
-Why? Why?
No. Mom. I didn't do shit.
This guy did all of it.
-Yo. how's your arm?
-My badger.
Leave it.
Ouch.
-Man.
-Brady. hold up.
-No. I just want...
-Hold up. sweetie.
I just want to go.
Brady.
-What?
-I left my phone.
I'll be right back.
No. Hutch. Hutch. no!
No. no. no. no.
no. no. no.
-Well. look who decided to...
-Oh. shit!
Hey! Trying to be
a hero. big man?
♪ The gangs stake their
own campus locale ♪
♪ And if they catch
you slippin' ♪
♪ Then it's all over. pal ♪
♪ If one guy's colors and
the others don't mix ♪
♪ They're gonna bash
it up. bash it up ♪
♪ Bash it up. bash it up ♪
♪ Hey. man. you
talkin' back to me? ♪
♪ Take him out ♪
♪ You gotta keep 'em separated ♪
♪ Hey. come out and play. ♪
How's that feel?
-Huh?
-Hutch!
God.
Dad.
S-Sir. we were attacked.
And I don't understand
why we're here.
I don't understand why
those bullies are not here.
Are we being charged
with anything?
Okay. is your son
prone to violence?
Is my... Are you kidding me?
Ma'am.
I'm just trying to
gather some information.
Uh. can you tell me exactly...
Sir. if we're not being charged.
I'd rather not answer any
more of your questions.
I understand protecting
your sister. Brady.
It's instinctual.
But...
There are other ways
to handle things.
You serious?
Y-You tell me to stay cool.
but then you go
and lose your shit?
Which I-I thought was
awesome. by the way.
-You know. the way that you...
-No.
No. it wasn't.
I'm just saying.
you have to be better
than your old man.
Whatever.
Okay.
Let's go.
Get up.
Not you.
Just Dad.
Sit your ass down.
You know who I am?
No. but. uh.
the way you're sitting
behind the sheriff's desk.
-I'm guessing you're somebody.
-Damn right I am.
Name's Wyatt Martin.
I run this town.
Oh. I'm Hutch...
I already know who you are.
You're the tourist
fucked up my son.
-I didn't...
-Shut the fuck up.
Your son was the
kid at the arcade?
Shut the fuck up.
Well. your son may have
had something to do with...
Your son has got an
attitude problem.
And I'm pretty sure
I'm staring at...
My daddy built this
town. and he had a rule.
Tourists get a free pass.
You know why. right?
Bread and butter and all that?
But for this...
...your son... Brady. right?
Yeah.
Your son Brady messed up
my son's pitching arm.
I get it.
Do you?
Yeah. I get it.
I'll make my son apologize.
But you should watch the
security cam footage.
'cause one of those
guys smacked my daughter
and I lost it.
What would you have done?
Walk 'em out.
Brady. come on.
So that's it. then? We can go?
Do yourself a favor.
Keep going.
Get the boys together.
Didn't Wyatt say to
leave them alone?
I don't give a fuck
what Wyatt says.
Get rid of them.
Can you not?
What the hell. Hutch?
On our first day?
I'm sorry.
You just had to bring
that other side of you?
Brady's already aggressive.
and do you know why?
It's because of you.
Because he is watching
you and what you do.
Look. I lost it. all right?
It's over.
What's in the work bag?
What?
The black bag. Hutch.
-You've been trying to hide it.
-Listen.
Okay. so what's in it?
I'm not here for...
-I made a promise to you.
-Yeah.
And I meant what I said.
Yeah. I remember that promise.
Wine?
It's not just any wine.
It's from Puglia.
Where we met.
And the year.
I'm sorry.
Where'd you find this?
Um. eBay.
-eBay?
-Yeah.
Wait. so you ordered it?
It took like six weeks.
You planned for this.
I knew who you were
the moment I met you.
I knew you were dangerous.
You were covered in blood.
Good times.
♪ Run. run... ♪
Holy crap. Mom.
You've got an eye.
-Really?
-Yeah.
This is not a fair fight.
I'm on her side!
♪ Run ♪
-♪ Run... ♪
-Sammy.
Where'd she go?
Sammy. Sammy. wait for me.
-Dad. guess where I am.
-Oh!
You got me.
I warned you. this
is a wonderland.
Off we go.
Ready?
Supercute.
Grandpa doesn't know
what he's missing.
Duck boats are super fun.
They're trustworthy.
but they don't...
Four tickets for the...
Th-That's... that's
not a duck boat.
Uh. yeah. you see the
big duck on the top?
No. I told my son a duck
boat is a military vehicle.
Uh. more than... more
than one conflict.
I'm gonna... Okay. four tickets.
One kid.
Yeah. here. honey.
hand these out.
Really heavy-duty. Mil spec.
Yeah.
Single-handedly caused
our loss at 'Nam.
Hey. only a few
seats left. folks.
Come aboard.
I hope you don't
mind getting wet.
Yes. Thank you.
Sweetie. why don't
you sit down there?
Uh. that's good. Thanks.
Dad's right. It's like
a bus that floats.
It is like a bus that floats.
Where is Dad?
You're not coming?
Hon. I had too many
churros with my macchiato.
I'll see you at the park.
-What? No.
-Have fun.
-Bye. Macchiato.
-Well... eat better!
Looks like it's the end of
the line for you. pal...
All right. let's get this
party started. Vests.
Grab 'em off my arm.
-Vest?
-I'm good.
-Excuse us. Oh. hi.
-Excuse us. Excuse us.
-Yeah. yeah. Absolutely.
-Right up front?
Just head on up to
the front. yeah.
Uh. headphones should
be on the bench.
Find a seat in the back.
Just get comfortable.
You can stand if you want.
Just hold on really tight.
And we'll get going in a minute.
S-sit down.
And we're sailing away.
Okay. so. I'll be
your guide today
as we cruise along the
great Plummerville lakes.
And. uh...
What's up. guys?
More than you know.
Yeah. You were told to leave.
So what are you still
doing in town. old man?
I'm here with my family.
making memories.
He's making memories. huh?
There's no need for this.
This is all a big
misunderstanding. I'm here...
Be cool.
Come on!
-Hey!
-Use your words.
What am I paying you for?
Fuck. He's right there!
That's right.
My favorite. personally.
is the butter brownie.
Oh. and. um. speaking of...
Now no one gets the pole.
But I got a fucking knife!
You're dead. motherfucker.
These waters are home to
our native giant bass.
Cool it. man. Cool it.
Talk to me. okay?
Think of the children.
What?
Fuck.
You mother fuck...
That's what I'm
fucking talking about!
You said he was just
a fucking tourist!
That's all Abel fucking told me.
You're gonna pay us a lot
more fucking money now. Dann.
I lost a tooth.
Ah. fuck that!
Shit!
Tell your boss
I'm... on... fucking...
vacation!
So. we went to the beach.
now we're gonna get some ice
cream. What flavors? Yeah?
Yeah. I want ice cream.
I want chocolate ice cream.
We're gonna get some
chocolate ice cream.
Come on. Let's go
this way. Yeah?
Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna
get strawberry ice cream.
Yeah. and vanilla.
HUTCH : Hey. Harry.
That wasn't a trumpet.
You were just being serenaded
by a shamisen. my brother.
Ah. you just got back
from Osaka. right?
Yeah. and I master shit quickly.
-What's up?
-Hey.
You remember Plummerville?
One of the happiest
weeks of my life.
Yeah. Mine. too.
Yeah. I remember...
I remember seeing the other
kids and their parents
and thinking we
were just like them.
Anyway. I came back
here. and. um...
Plummerville just
isn't as friendly
as I remember it to be.
It's an old trade route.
Used since the bootlegging days.
Why you think Dad took us there
for our one and only
family vacation?
Are you saying he
was on a mission?
You got it. Hutchy boy.
Oh. yeah.
The cops over there.
they in cahoots with
the big syndicate.
Hey. careful with that.
It's not my money.
I'm sorry. boss.
-I didn't mean to...
-Fucking moron.
And they would not
want a guy like you
sniffing around. bro.
How's it going?
Holy shit. this
is a big shipment.
What's in the blinking thing?
The shit that's
gonna land Lendina
on Interpol's top ten.
This is great.
You want more guys here
just in case there's
any more trouble?
Hey.
Don't cause any trouble. and
there won't be any trouble.
Remember who's boss here.
Got it.
I got to get my son.
Watch this shit and be cool.
Want me to take that?
Uh. thanks.
Do you think Dad is
eventually gonna grace us
with his presence or...
Wild animals!
Whoa. Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Don't go too near.
That's a wild wolf dog.
Got to stay locked up. that one.
Well. Mom. you saved animals
back when you met Dad. right?
Uh. among other
things. but. um...
You know. if you
gain their trust...
...and you show them
that the world is a
safe place for them...
A world that is safe?
What world is that?
Okay. Let's go find
Dad for dinner.
You caught our tourist. I heard.
Did he put up much of a fight?
What's... I can't hear you.
Hey. turn that off.
Shut it off!
What are you. new?
Wh-What was that?
Uh. he broke my teeth. man.
What about your teeth?
He crushed 'em. okay?
He... he just...
he beat everybody.
What the fuck are
you talking about?
Talking about the guy. okay?
I don't think he's
just some tourist.
Yes.
I've got a problem.
Of your own making. I sense.
Plummerville. You heard of it?
It's a back road.
Drugs. guns. viruses and worse
come down from Canada and
go on to points unknown.
All right.
Well. where does
the buck stop here?
There are layers.
Possibly an individual.
a unique individual
called Lendina.
Lendina.
-Guy in the white?
-Yes. ma'am.
-No. no. No new dealer.
-This requires a woman's touch.
But I'm winning. On a roll here.
Congratulations.
Let's see how your luck goes.
Beautiful. I split.
Sure.
-Hit me.
-So how's your trip
-been going so far?
-Shut up and deal.
Plummerville is critical
to Lendina's larger empire.
Oh. shit.
Aw.
It happens.
A lone wolf.
Operates unburdened by
any constraints... at all.
You piss off the Russians. they
come to your house with guns.
Lendina and her squad will slay
your family on the front lawn
and force you to watch
if you disrupt their
situations any further.
Yes.
Pay me.
You're a winner.
Ma'am. I swear.
I knew nothing...
Oh. my God!
What's happening?
Nobody cheats in my casino!
You'll want to
de-escalate the situation.
I mean. do you got any intel.
an... an address or anything?
I'll give you a lead.
but hear me on this.
You're on your own. Hutch.
Aw. Killer.
I'm so sorry that
you had to see that.
My little baby should never see
those terrible. terrible people.
No.
What about them back there?
Leave no witnesses.
-Burn it down.
-You got it.
That was fast. Did it hurt?
No. I'm fine.
Maybe this is too soon.
Dad. really. I'm fine.
My arm's healing good.
Hold on.
Max. I have to take
this damn call.
Won't be long.
What?
Well...
that's no way to treat
your business partner.
Ex-partner.
This is my last shipment.
Goodness.
My father's debt is all paid up.
I can count.
This. you know...
Pays off the last of our debt.
Aw.
By my calculations. the
debt will never be paid off.
No.
That's bullshit.
and you know it.
Ain't nothing funny
about what I said.
Your father died because
he was distracted.
Are you distracted?
I'm not my dad.
It's over.
Well. then...
we'll see.
Well...
Hello?
Hey. Max. where you going?
Sheriff.
You can just call me Abel.
Sheriff. I need to make sure
Wyatt hasn't forgotten
who he works for.
Take something that
really matters to him.
Got it.
-Mom. it's your turn.
-Oh.
-Hey. Mom?
-Yes?
-Is Dad in trouble again?
-Mm.
Why? Do you know something?
No. that's why... No.
Mm. I'm sure he'll be...
No. honey. Let me.
Hamburgers!
And s'mores for dinner tonight.
-Ah. so nutritious.
-Yay.
Your dad's running late.
But come with me.
I promise you it's
the way to go.
Sammy. come on.
Help me pack up.
-You-you talked to Hutch?
-Talk later. Got to move.
Okay.
Walk in...
real smooth.
Keep everything room temp.
Yeah.
No escalating.
De-escalate.
Lead by example.
"Hey. fellas. What a mix-up."
It's a big shipment. but...
I guarantee you we
can do more next time.
Except those
paintings are a bitch.
But you got to see
what's in here.
Here is the special thing
the boss lady asked for.
Wyatt's spoiled son.
Wait! Wait!
No! Wait!
Now. I want you to tell
the boss that I said it was
a pleasure to be of service.
Okay? You understand?
Hey!
Or do I need to get
a fucking translator?
I need to get a
fucking translator.
Hey. fellas.
What the fuck? How
did you get in here?
The door.
Is that gasoline?
You're quick.
Now. listen. I could
torch this money.
it'd go up in a
flash. and whatever's
in those barrels would go boom.
and most of you wouldn't
make it out of here.
and those who do will
have to answer to Lendina.
I'm guessing this is all hers.
So then what the
fuck do you want?
Okay. well...
I want a break.
A break?
I just want a fucking break.
So if I walk out of here.
you leave me and
my family alone.
'cause that's all I want.
To de-escalate this.
Are you fucking kidding me?
From the moment you've shown up.
you've put my men
in the fucking ER.
There's no way you are
just some family man.
De-escalate? Fuck you.
Plummerville was A-OK
before you showed up.
Wherever I go...
I could so easily
kill you right now.
But...
You're lucky.
You catch me on a good day.
Go.
Get the fuck out of here.
Go before I change my mind.
Fucking pick him up.
Jesus.
No! Help me!
Help me!
No!
You're on my last
fucking nerve.
I told you to get
the fuck out...
Who the fuck is this guy?!
Wait! Wait!
Okay. let's go.
Stop. motherfucker!
-♪ If I ruled the world ♪
-Fuck! Fuck!
♪ Every day would be the
first day of spring ♪
♪ Every heart would
have a new song ♪
-♪ To sing ♪
-Fuck! Fuck!
♪ And we'd sing of the joy ♪
♪ Every morning would bring ♪
♪ If I... ♪
How much did we lose?
Everything.
-The cash. the chemicals.
-The bio-case.
No.
All of it.
Wiped out all our men
and got away with Wyatt's son.
Who is this zealot?
Nothing about him is turning up.
There is one oddity.
He had a family with him.
My valuable shipment
was blown up
by a man who's a tourist
on a fucking family vacation?
Does nobody play by
the rules anymore?
Jesus fucking Christ.
I don't know who
the fuck you are.
but you crossed a line. asshole.
Sheriff.
What do you know
about this threat?
I don't know. okay?
But I sent you the pictures.
And they haven't checked
out of the hotel.
You might want to bring
some others. all right?
H-How many of your...
I guess soldiers
can you bring with you?
-Because he's...
-Oh. shut the fuck up.
I'm on my way.
This guy's an idiot.
Hey. son.
Look who finally shows up.
Hey. Dad. Everybody good?
Oh. everybody's doing great.
Your son swings
an axe like a pro.
Dad.
-Sammy.
-Where were you?
Oh. hey. Brady. that's Max.
I brought him here. so be cool.
We good?
Yeah.
Let's go inside.
How'd you get that
shiner. country boy?
Kidding.
You staying for the night?
I-I would love to stay. but. um.
I still got some
heavy lifting to do.
Oh. you're...
you're right about that.
Let's go. Sammy.
Come on.
You can light the fire.
Arm's length. Hutch.
You were supposed to keep
danger at arm's length.
I didn't mean to...
Hutch. you promised me.
You promised.
You broke your promise.
I don't have...
have control over this.
I'm just realizing that.
You should get away...
...from me.
Becca.
Becca. I'm not asking.
You don't tell me what to do.
You are a lot of things...
but most of all. you're a dad.
And you're my guy.
So go fix that shit.
Come on. son.
Answer your damn phone.
Come on. come on. come on.
You.
What the hell are you
still doing in my town?
Well. I could use your help.
Oh. no. no.
Be cool. I've got your son.
-He's okay.
-You mess with my son.
you're a dead man.
No. you don't understand.
He's totally safe
with some people...
What the fuck do
you mean by safe?
From Lendina.
We want the same things.
You burned all of it?
Yep.
You burned the money?
And whatever was in
those chemical barrels.
Th-they exploded.
You burned all of it?
I-I saved your son.
Thanks.
She's pure fucking evil. man.
She killed my dad.
Used Abel to take my son.
Backstabbing son of a bitch.
This empire that I
inherited from my dad
came with a lot of debts.
Wild Bill.
He was a lot of fun. but
the man liked the bad odds.
And I'm still paying
for his mistakes.
Lendina has run this town
for two fucking generations.
I will not let my son
be forced into this.
I know what you mean.
So wh-what would she do
if she found out you
burned her stash?
You burned it.
Okay. What would she do?
Okay. how-how do I put this?
♪ Dope dope beat
beat. dope dope... ♪
She's eradicated
entire bloodlines for less.
She's absolutely bat shit crazy.
Vicious.
♪ Dope dope rhymes rhymes ♪
♪ Dope dope. dope
dope. dope dope... ♪
Where is she right now?
She's definitely
on her way here.
Ma'am. it's time.
Hit it. motherfuckers.
Let's move.
My dad planned
to fight Lendina.
She got to him first.
I'm not sure if any
of it still works.
I wouldn't.
Now we lead her to
the most dangerous
place in Plummerville.
-Closed for repairs.
-Hey. we just got here.
So sorry. folks. but it's got
to be made safe. Here you go.
-You got free churros.
-Your website didn't say
-anything about...
-You're gonna get a free refund.
Let's go! Let's go now!
Must be hard to say
goodbye to this place. huh?
You know. when my
dad brought us here.
-these rides...
-You kidding me? It's a curse.
Water park leaks
like a motherfucker.
The fun house is
nothing but headaches.
No kid wants exactly
what their dad built.
Really? That's
actually good to hear.
Who the fuck is that?
Harry?
You know. this place is much
smaller than I remember. man.
Oh. man.
-This is my brother Harry.
-Wyatt Martin.
-Good to meet you.
-What are you doing here?
I sensed you was having
an existential crisis.
Okay. I want to talk to you.
Hey.
Yeah. Good boy.
Yeah. go on. Go on. Go.
You know. Pops. remember that
you left us alone in that lodge
for two nights
straight by ourselves.
And all we had to eat
was hot dogs and s'mores.
That's partly why I'm a vegan.
Well. you guys were safe.
Mostly.
Did you ever worry about
us. though? I mean...
like about who we'd become.
You mean like how you
worry about Brady?
Yeah. I want him to be...
A better man than you.
Yeah.
And he will be.
Believe it or not.
you guys are improvements on me.
Hey. listen.
-You know where you're headed?
-I got it.
Okay. You need
any help up there?
Yeah. I got something.
uh. else in mind.
Time's up!
They're in the water park.
Fun.
-What's that?
-Some sort of cabin.
We think his family's there.
Take a team and go there.
-And. Kartoush...
-Yes?
Scorched earth.
No prisoners.
...then open it and
put chocolate inside?
You know what you're doing?
Yes. I do.
-Nice. capture.
-Now I can't...
On the offense. just
jump here and...
Um. kids?
I'm gonna go for a walk.
-Have fun.
-What?
You got this. Brady?
What if I just move mine?
Yeah.
Be safe.
That's a good one. Um...
-Okay. tie game?
-I'm okay.
No. it's fine.
It's a tie game.
Okay. so...
Liking the new look.
Really suits you. Abel.
You kidnapping puto.
Cute.
You really lit a fuse
when you did that.
No.
I think you did that
the moment you
underestimated me.
See. I've been pushed around
for long enough.
so from now on.
I'm the fucking man.
And this is my fucking town.
So give me your guns.
walk in front of
me back to the car.
and maybe I'll get
you out of this.
Maybe.
What if we say no?
All hell breaks loose.
-Yeah. we'll take that. Yeah.
-Yeah. we'll take that.
What an ass pain he is.
-Take him out.
-Copy that.
Move in!
Go. go. go!
♪ Love is a burning thing ♪
♪ And it makes a fiery ring ♪
♪ Bound by wild desire ♪
-Fuck him up!
-Go. go. go!
♪ I fell into a ring of fire ♪
♪ I fell into ♪
-What the fuck is this?
-♪ A burning ring of fire ♪
♪ I went down. down. down... ♪
Huh?
Oh. God!
♪ The ring of fire.
the ring of fire ♪
♪ The taste of love is sweet ♪
♪ When hearts like ours meet ♪
♪ I fell for you like a child ♪
♪ Oh. but the fire ♪
♪ The fire went wild ♪
-Let's go!
-♪ I fell into ♪
♪ A burning ring of fire ♪
♪ I went down. down. down ♪
♪ And the flames
went higher... ♪
Oh. shit.
Open fire!
Move.
Hey. fellas.
What the fuck?
♪ I fell into a
burning ring of fire ♪
♪ I went down. down. down ♪
♪ And the flames went higher ♪
You can't hide!
There he is! Ball pit!
Go. go! Shoot!
♪ And it burns. burns. burns ♪
Fuck him up!
♪ The ring of fire ♪
Shit.
♪ The ring of fire. ♪
Hey. Wyatt. meet
me at the pool.
I'm on my way.
Watch the six!
Hey. Good boy.
Yeah. I owe you one.
Go. Run.
Get over there! Go!
Fucking A!
Fuck.
Got you now. motherfucker.
You're gonna die. old man.
You motherfucker.
Got eyes.
Huh? What the fuck?
Hey. Hutch!
Dad. cover me!
Dad!
Fuck you!
There he is!
-Still not dead!
-Take him out!
We got him!
Dad!
Whoever's in there never leaves.
The Mansell's
family directives.
Eighth principle:
In darkness. let fear
enhance your strike.
What the fuck?
Turn challenge
into opportunity.
The fifth principle.
Whoa. whoa. Hey. hey. man.
Don't do this.
I'm just doing my job. kid.
Max!
Protect Sammy!
Last man to challenge
me. I took his head.
Peekaboo.
Don't bring a machete to
a fucking katana duel.
That's principle number one.
Please... don't k-kill me.
What's up. nephew?
Your father would be
proud of you. Brady.
-Wyatt. Hey.
-Hey.
I got shot in the fucking leg.
Ah. fuck.
All right. Just
hold that on there.
Thanks.
All right.
-Loaded. Ready to rock.
-Okay.
-I'm gonna check on my dad.
-All right.
Dad?
Lendina?
Who sent you?
Nobody.
I'm here with my
family. making memories.
What are you doing here?
I'm here for you.
You know. I like this
little empire of mine.
Operative or a family man.
it doesn't fucking matter
because what I don't like
is people who try to
fuck up my peace of mind.
But. you know. I'm
just like that.
Well. well. well.
If it isn't Mr. Making Memories.
What happened to mai
tais on the beach?
You just go and leave
a trail of destruction
everywhere you go.
Do you know how important
this town is for my business?
What the fuck are you thinking?
FBI park ranger.
Fuck. you are a nobody.
And now you're gonna
lose everything.
And do you want to
know why. buddy?
'Cause you fucked
with the wrong bitch.
Take him out. I'm
bored with him.
No!
Fuck! Fuck!
Motherfucker.
Puñeta.
Lay down. fuck face.
You think you can
get away with this?
You need a lesson. asshole.
Fuck your memories.
fuck your family.
and most of all. fuck you.
Die. fucker.
Oh. fuck.
Who are you?
I'm his better half.
Becca!
♪ The whispers in the morning ♪
♪ Of lovers sleeping tight ♪
♪ Are rolling by
like thunder now ♪
Kill her.
♪ As I look in your eyes ♪
Don't fuck with a mama bear.
♪ I hold on to your body... ♪
Hutch.
You heard the boss. Kill her.
Fire...
in the fucking hole!
Crazy gringo!
♪ A love that I could ♪
♪ Not forsake ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm your lady ♪
♪ And you are my man ♪
♪ Whenever you reach for me ♪
♪ I'm gonna do all
that I can... ♪
Are they gonna be okay?
Yeah. It's just another
Mansells vacation.
♪ We're heading for something ♪
♪ Somewhere I've never been ♪
♪ Sometimes I am frightened ♪
♪ But I'm ready to learn ♪
♪ Of the power of love ♪
♪ The power of love ♪
♪ Sometimes I am frightened ♪
♪ But I'm ready to learn ♪
♪ Of the power of love. ♪
We're not gonna ask again.
Who are you guys?
Us? We're. uh...
We're married.
Yeah. We're married.
Yeah.
...Hutch and Rebecca Mansell...
Sir. I cannot do that.
There are bodies all over.
This is like a war zone. I...
-I don't give a fuck...
-Yes. sir.
Yes. sir. I hear you.
Loud and clear. sir. Yes.
You're free to go.
Get the keys.
For the cuffs.
Hutch. after this vacation...
Yeah?
...we need a vacation.
We did it.
We went to Plummerville. and
we came back in one piece.
Yes. Yes.
Almost.
-Almost.
-Now. listen.
One thing that'll
help us never forget.
So let's hear it for Sammy.
Wh-What is the
idea with this one?
Max and Wyatt!
You should call them sometime.
Honey. I think we've
caused them enough trouble.
I can't wait for the
next summer break.
You'll come with
us. right. Grandpa?
You got it. Sammy.
I miss that ball pit.
Look at that.
I remember that.
Did you take that?
Yeah.
♪ Every day's a new day ♪
♪ In love with you ♪
♪ With each day comes a
new way of loving you ♪
♪ Every time I kiss your lips ♪
♪ My mind starts to wander ♪
♪ And if all my
dreams come true ♪
♪ I'll be spending
time with you ♪
♪ Oh. I love you more today ♪
♪ Than yesterday ♪
♪ But not as much ♪
♪ As tomorrow ♪
♪ I love you more today ♪
♪ Than yesterday ♪
♪ But. darling. not as much ♪
♪ As tomorrow ♪
♪ Tomorrow's date means ♪
♪ Springtime's just a day away ♪
♪ Cupid. we don't need ya now ♪
♪ Be on your way ♪
♪ I thank the Lord
for love like ours ♪
♪ That grows ever stronger ♪
♪ And I always will be true ♪
♪ I know you feel
the same way. too ♪
♪ Oh. I love you more today ♪
♪ Than yesterday ♪
♪ But not as much ♪
♪ As tomorrow ♪
♪ I love you more
today than yesterday ♪
♪ But only half as much ♪
♪ As tomorrow ♪
♪ Every day's a new day ♪
♪ Every time I love ya ♪
♪ Every way's a new way ♪
♪ Every day's a new day. ♪